David therefore departed from there and
escaped to the cave of Adeline so when
his brothers and all his father's house
heard it they went down there to him and
everyone who was in distress everyone
who was in debt and everyone who was
discontented gathered to him so he
became captain over them and there were
about 400 men with him then David went
from there to misper of Moab and he said
to the king of Moab please let my father
and mother come here with you till I
know what God will do for me so he
brought them before the king of Moab and
they dwelt with him all the time that
David was in the stronghold now the
Prophet gad said to david do not stay in
the stronghold depart and go to the land
of judah so david departed and went into
the forest of heareth
when Saul heard that David and the man
who were with him had been discovered
now Saul was staying in Gibeon under a
tamarisk tree in Ramah with his spear in
his hand and all his servants standing
about him then saul said to his servants
who stood about him here now you
Benjamites will the son of jesse give
every one of you fields and vineyards
and make you all captains of thousands
and captains of hundreds all of you have
conspired against me and there is no one
who reveals to me that my son has made a
covenant with the son of Jesse and there
is enough one of you who is sorry for me
or reveals to me that my son has stirred
up my servant against me to lie in wait
as it is this day then answered Doeg the
Edomite
who was set over the servants of Saul I
saw the son of Jesse going to knob to
him alack the son of a high tub and he
inquired of the Lord for him gave him
provisions and gave him the sword of
Goliath the Philistine so the king sent
to call a hymn aaalac the priest the son
of a heightened and all his father's
house the priests who were in Nob and
they all came to the king and Saul said
here now son of a high tub Here I am my
lord why have you conspired against me
you and the son of Jesse in that you
have given him bread and a sword and
have inquired of God for him that he
should rise against me to lie in wait as
it is this day and who among all your
servants is as faithful as David who is
the king's son in law who goes at your
bidding and is honorable in your house
did I then begin to inquire of God for
him far be it from
me let not the King impute anything to
his servant or to any in the house of my
father for your servant knew nothing of
all this little or much you shall surely
Jaya him alack you and all your father's
house and the King said to the guards
who stood about him turn and kill the
priests of the Lord because their hand
also is with David and because they knew
when he fled and did not tell it to me
but the servants of the King would not
lift their hands to strike the priests
of the Lord and the king said to do egg
you turn and kill the priests so doing
the Edomite turned and struck the
priests and killed on that day 85 men
who wore a linen ephod also nob the city
of the priests he struck with the edge
of the sword both men and women children
and nursing infants oxen and donkeys and
sheep with the edge of the sword now one
of the sons of a himalaya the son of a
high tub named abathur
escaped and fled after david and a by
atha told David that Saul had killed the
Lord's priests so David said to a by
atha I knew that day when Doeg the
Edomite was there that he would surely
tell Saul I have caused the death of all
the persons of your father's house stay
with me
do not fear for he who seeks my life
seeks your life but with me you shall be
safe
you